# 2022-02-11
## Who

* Kate
* Blaise
* Olle
* Matt

## What happened

* We looked at the manifesto and decided to adopt it.
* Matt used the intro script for the first time
* Got everyone into VSCode Live Share
* Caught Olle up with where we are and what we want to do - the mob goal
* We added Cucumber dependency
* We set up the `cucumber.js` config file so it could read typescript step defs
* We defined step defintions for all the steps in our scenarios:
	* We used the output of the `npm test` to copy the step definitions
	* We imported the Cucumber `Given / When / Then` methods
	* We used Cucumber expressions' Parameter Types to refactor some similar step definitions
	* We used Cucumber expressions' alternates (e.g. "day/days")
* We referred to the probot example: https://github.com/cucumber-examples/cucumber-js-examples/blob/main/examples/probot/
* We got all the steps defined!

## Insights

* Olle - I appreciated the script
* Kate - feels like progress! We're using what we've been working on (the manifesto)
* Olle - having an example for the probot / ts config stuff helped
* Olle - thanks!
* Kate - it felt like we were setting up scaffolding, could it have been in a template?
* Kate - liked that we used the mob timer - the rotation keeps you energised. Great way to learn.
* Blaise - Olle brought up the notion that the term "ensemble" felt more appropriate than "mob". "mob" sounds more chaotic. We're an ensemble that jams!
* Matt - sharing the terminal / working with the terminal felt awkward.
* Ran out of time for the retro - people had to drop off.

## Actions

* Stop slightly earlier to make more time for the retro.